Welcome, in this video, we're going to configure P4Merge to integrate with Git.
Let's fire up our terminal. The first thing we need to do before we configure Git to work with P4Merge, is to locate the specific P4Merge executable.
It's going to be under "/Applications/p4merge.app/Contents/MacOS/".
Underneath that directory, we have a single p4merge application. If we type "/p4merege"
then press enter, it will launch P4Merge. Great, we know we have the right executable. Let's do a pwd at this point.
pwd just tells us our present working directory, which gives us our full path to our current location.
I'm just going to cd back to our user's home directory. The first set of configurations I'm going to do
will be to set up P4Merge as our diff tool. Type git, space, config, space, --global, space,
diff.tool, space, p4merge. Next, we need to specify the P4Merge path.
Type git, space, config, space, --global, space, diftool (as one word), ".p4merge.path",
space, and then the path to the executable to P4Merge, in this case "/Applications/p4merge.app/Contents/MacOS/p4merge".
Double check that line, and then press enter. Finally for our diftool, I like disabling the prompt.
This will make it so each time we launch P4Merge as our diftool, we won't be constantly prompted each and every time.
Type, git, space, config, space, --global, space, diftool.prompt, space, then the value "false".
Double check that line, and then press enter. Great now let's do the same thing for the merge tool configuration with Git.
Let's set up our initial P4Merge configuration for the merge tool:
type, git, space, config, space, --global, space, merge.tool, space, p4merge.
Double check the line, and then press enter. Next we need to configure the merge tool path for P4Merge.
Type git, space, config, space, --global, space, mergetool.p4merge.path,
space, and then the path to the p4merge executable, in this case "/Applications/p4merge.app/Contents/MacOS/p4merge". Then press enter.
Like before with diftool, I like to set mergetool to prompt being false. To do so,
type git, space, config, space, --global, space mergetool.prompt, space, and then the value false. Double check the line, and then press enter.
Great! List out our global configuration. Git, space, config, space, --global, space, --list.
This lists out our configuration as of now, which includes the last several lines, which are the diftool and the mergetool configurations.
Optionally, we can also specify -e instead of --list to load the .gitconfig file in our default editor.
This is the contents of our .gitconfig file within our user's home directory.
At this point most of this configuration file is dedicated to our difftool and our mergetool configuration.
Once finished with reviewing the configuration file, quit out of text mate using command+q, and now let's exit out of the terminal. "exit".